opam env: fix carriage return on Cygwin shell (#5715)
ocaml/opam: master_changes.md

  * `OpamSystem.mk_temp_dir`: resolve real path with `OpamSystem.real_path` before returning it [#5654 @rjbou]
  * `OpamSystem.resolve_command`: in command resolution path, check that the file is not a directory and that it is a regular file [#5606 @rjbou - fix #5585 #5597 #5650 #5626]
  * `OpamStd.Config.env_level`: fix level parsing, it was inverted (eg, "no" gives level 1, and "yes" level 0) [#5686 @smorimoto]

>   * `OpamConsole`: add `disable_carriage_return` to disable automatic addition of carriage return (`set_bynari_mode_out`) on stdou & stderr on Windows if out is not tty [#5715 @rjbou]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `OpamConsole`: add `disable_carriage_return` to disable automatic addition of carriage return (`set_binary_mode_out`) on stdout & stderr on Windows if out is not tty [#5715 @rjbou]
```

Author: thanks
